LS-1237: Add documentation for release 3.1 for Install-upgrade & Operations (#131)
datastax/pulsar-docs: modules/install-upgrade/partials/upgrade-2.10.adoc

* Upgrading to 3.1 Luna Streaming should only be done from 2.10 Luna Streaming.

* Upgrade is fully supported for all the components (connectors included).

> * If you're upgrading Pulsar SQL from 2.11 or earlier, you should copy config files from conf/presto to trino/conf.

Reviewer: Pulsar SQL is not supported by Luna Streaming, please remove this

If you're downgrading Pulsar SQL to 2.11 or earlier from newer versions, do the vice-versa.

* Prometheus client version has been changed from 0.5.0 to 0.16.0. Metric type UNTYPED is renamed to UNKNOWN.

> The metrics have been renamed because OpenMetrics's counter name needs a _total suffix.

Reviewer: Can we add the full list ? they're about 20 so it should be readable

E.g `pulsar_expired_token_count` changed to `pulsar_expired_token_total`.
** Reference PR - https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/13785[Bump prometheus client version #13785]

> * Downgrade is not supported for Bookies, rest all components support downgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Downgrade is not supported for Bookies and ZooKeeper. All other components such as Broker, Proxy and Functions Worker can be downgraded at any time.  
```

> **  Pulsar 3.1 uses RocksDB 7.x which writes in a format that is not compatible with RocksDB 6.x

Reviewer: let's keep only the reference issue and remove this line

Author: Reference issue is not present for prometheus metrics, only PRs. I will remove this line anyway.
